It’s just acting anyway,
What the hell am I touching? Your name translation is nonsense,
It was you who harmed Song Dynasty.
Why are they generally current?
General Yue actually killed Yuezi, who was raised like grass in the army.
Okay, then you can tell me,
Then I will punish you today for Qin Hui’s three major crimes.
This is the first crime
You insist on Qin Hui colluding with other places?
With Xike Rang Min Chuan, he was sued for peace by Wei
Your second sin
It’s you who insists on Qin Hui and Tongxian Zhongliang
Whoever has the guts to say it will get away without getting a blank look?
This is the third crime
You change the history
I didn’t expect my behavior either
Pick yourself up in the main city of silence
Interpretation of lines is common